SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on January 15, 2024, between TechCorp Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and DataServices LLC, a California limited liability company ("Service Provider").

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Company desires to engage Service Provider to provide certain data processing services; and
WHEREAS, Service Provider has the expertise and capability to provide such services;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. SERVICES
Service Provider shall provide data processing and analysis services as specified in Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated by reference.

2. TERM
This Agreement shall commence on February 1, 2024, and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.

3. PAYMENT TERMS
Company shall pay Service Provider a monthly fee of $25,000 within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice. Late payments shall incur a penalty of 1.5% per month.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY
Each party acknowledges that it may have access to certain confidential information of the other party. Each party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of such information for a period of five (5) years following termination of this Agreement.

5. TERMINATION
Either party may terminate this Agreement upon sixty (60) days written notice to the other party. Upon termination, all confidentiality obligations shall survive.

6. LIABILITY
Service Provider's liability under this Agreement shall not exceed the total amount paid by Company to Service Provider in the twelve (12) months preceding the claim.

7. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

TechCorp Inc.                    DataServices LLC
By: /s/ John Smith              By: /s/ Sarah Johnson
Name: John Smith                Name: Sarah Johnson
Title: CEO                      Title: Managing Director 